# 01_TP_CC_HZ

The k Nearest Neighbor is a powerful tool that can be used for analytical prediction that is applied on data sets. Unique data sets can be scrutinized through exploratory analysis, and in this experiment, a FIFA 21 data set was used that contained all the qualities and statistics of the players in the FIFA 21 video game. The data set was not only interesting to use for analysis because of its content, but also because of its diversity in data types from continuous to discrete. This allows for miscellaneous exploration of patterns and relationships to understand the dynamic of the data set. Missing data were found in some columns of the data, and so a normalization process was conducted to prevent any skewed data. Summary statistics and heat map graphs were also produced to depict the unusual nature of parts of the data set, especially those with missing or mismatched data. During the prediction methodology, different parameters of the k Nearest Neighbor model were implemented to deduce an outcome with the greatest prediction scores. The results showed that the parameter with the greatest outcome was using All four (4) normalized features of Ball Control, Stamina, Reactions, and Potential with 80/10/10 split for train, validate, and test. This parameter gave the most consistent prediction, with every score being greater than 0.80. If the experiment were to be carried further, perhaps the use of various combination parameters may have enhance prediction scores even more. 
